.\" Copyright (C) 2005 International Business Machines Corporation
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "tpm_setactive" 8 "2005-05-06"  "TCM Management"
.ce 1
TCM Management - tpm_setactive
.SH NAME
tpm_setactive \- change TCM active states 
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B tpm_setactive
.RB [ OPTION ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBtpm_setactive\fR reports the status of the TCM's flags regarding the active state of the TCM.  This is the default behavior and also accessible via the \fB\-\-status\fR option. Requesting a report of this status prompts for the owner password.  The \fB\-\-active\fR option changes the TCM to the active state  
(via the TCM_PhysicalSetDeactivated API).  This operation requires evidence of physical presence, is persistent and requires a reboot to take effect. The \fB\-\-inactive\fR 
option (via the TCM_PhysicalSetDeactivated API) changes the TCM to the inactive state.  This operation requires evidence of physical presence, is persistent and requires a reboot to take effect.  An inactive TCM is essentially off but still allows for a tpm_takeownership to occur.  The \fB\-\-temp\fR option causes deactivation (via the TCM_SetTempDeactivated API) to happen immediately but only endure for the current boot cycle.  The \fB\-\-status\fR, \fB\-\-active\fR, \fB\-\-inactive\fR, and \fB\-\-temp\fR options are mutually exclusive and the last one on the command line will be carried out.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display command usage info.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display command version info.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR [none|error|info|debug]
Set logging level.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB\-\-unicode\fR
Use TSM UNICODE encoding for passwords to comply with applications using TSM popup boxes
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB\-\-status\fR
Report the status of flags regarding the TCM active states. 
.TP
\fB-a\fR, \fB\-\-active\fR
Make the TCM active.  Operation is persistent, requires phyiscal presence to authorize, and a reboot to take effect. 
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-inactive\fR
Make the TCM inactive.   Operation is persistent, requires phyiscal presence to authorize, and a reboot to take effect.
.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB\-\-temp\fR
Makes the TCM inactive for the current boot cycle only. 
.TP
\fB-z\fR, \fB\-\-well-known\fR
Authenticate using 32 bytes of zeros as owner password (the default TSM Well Known Secret), instead of prompting for an owner password.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBtpm_version\fR(1), \fBtpm_setpresence\fR(8), \fBtpm_takeownership\fR(8), \fBtpm_setenable\fR(8), \fBtcsd\fR(8)

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <trousers-users@lists.sourceforge.net>
