.\" Copyright (C) 2005 International Business Machines Corporation
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "tpm_setenable" 8 "2005-05-06" "TCM Management"
.ce 1
TCM Management - tpm_setenable 
.SH NAME
tpm_setenable \- change TCM enable states 
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B tpm_setenable
.RB [ OPTION ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBtpm_setenable\fR reports the status of the TCM's flags regarding the enable state of the TCM.  This is the default behavior and also accessible via the \fB\-\-status\fR option. Requesting a report of this status prompts for the owner password.  The \fB\-\-enable\fR option changes the system's TCM to the enabled state  
(via the TCM_OwnerSetDisable API).  This operation prompts for the owner password and is persistent. The \fB\-\-disable\fR 
option (via the TCM_OwnerSetDisable API) changes the system's TCM to the disabled state.  This operation prompts for the owner password and is persistent.  A disabled TCM is essentially off and does not allow a tpm_takeownership to occur.  The \fB\-\-force\fR option overrides the owner password prompt and relies on physical presence for the operation authorization (via the TCM_PhysicalEnable and TCM_PhysicalDisable APIs).  The \fB\-\-enable\fR, \fB\-\-disable\fR, and \fB\-\-status\fR options are mutually exclusive and the last one on the command line will be carried out.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display command usage info.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display command version info.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR [none|error|info|debug]
Set logging level.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB\-\-unicode\fR
Use TSM UNICODE encoding for passwords to comply with applications using TSM popup boxes
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB\-\-status\fR
Report the status of flags regarding the TCM enable states.
.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB\-\-enable\fR
Make the TCM enabled.  Operation is persistent and  prompts for owner authorization. 
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB\-\-disable\fR
Make the TCM disabled.   Operation is persistent and prompts for owner authorization.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Overrides the prompt for owner authorization and uses physical presence to authorize the action.
.TP
\fB-z\fR, \fB\-\-well-known\fR
Authenticate using 32 bytes of zeros as owner password (the default TSM Well Known Secret), instead of prompting for an owner password.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBtpm_version\fR(1), \fBtpm_setpresence\fR(8), \fBtpm_takeownership\fR(8), \fBtpm_setactive\fR(8), \fBtcsd\fR(8)

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <trousers-users@lists.sourceforge.net>
