.\" Copyright (C) 2005 International Business Machines Corporation
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "tcm_sealdata" 1 "2005-08-10"  "TCM Management"
.ce 1
TCM Management - tcm_sealdata
.SH NAME
tcm_sealdata \- seal input data to the system's TCM
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B tcm_sealdata
.RB [ OPTION ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBtcm_sealdata\fR seals sensitive input data to the SRK of the system's TCM
and optionally a PCR configuration.  Backup your data, it is unrecoverable from this format if the SRK changes or the specified PCR configuration is unreproducable.  The result can be unsealed by functions in libtcm_unseal, such as \fBtcmUnsealFile\fR(3).

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display command usage info.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display command version info.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR [none|error|info|debug]
Set logging level.
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-infile FILE\fR
File containing input data to seal.
.TP
\fB-o\fR, \fB\-\-outfile FILE\fR
Output file.  Default is STDOUT.
.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB\-\-pcr NUMBER\fR
Seal data to the current value of the specified pcr. This option can be given NUM_PCRS times.  The specified pcr is in the range of 0 to NUM_PCRS-1. NUM_PCRS is at least 16 but may vary by platform.
.TP
\fB-z\fR, \fB\-\-well-known\fR
Use TSM_WELL_KNOWN_SECRET (32 zero bytes) as the SRK password. You will not be prompted for the SRK password with this option.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB\-\-unicode\fR
Use TSM UNICODE encoding for the SRK password to comply with applications using TSM popup boxes.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBtpm_takeownership\fR(8), \fBtcmUnsealFile\fR(3)

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <trousers-users@lists.sourceforge.net>
